We are web developers, right?
So we mentioned that.
So what's the relationship between
open AI Chat GPT and web development?
So this is what we can do as web
developers first integration.
We can use artificial intelligence for
your apps.
We can integrate that in your app for
many things.
We can create, we can transfer and
manipulate data,
conversations, we can create chatbots.
And there are many other ideas that
they will show you in a minute.
That's one thing that we can do and
we will focus on that today.
You can create plugins In this case,
plugins from ChatGPT.
For example, we can create
the front-end masters plugin.
So you can ask ChatGPT about in
which course from front-end masters,
I can learn about web push.
Then ChatGPT will talk to the web service
that we can create here in frontend
masters and it will respond with the data
that then Chat GPT will process,
understand and create the output.
That's a plugin.
We can also use GPT for content creation.
That's a different,
it's more around marketing and SEO.
We are not going to really,
really cover that today.
And there is also some questions today and
some of you may be wondering,
we do have SEO right search
engine optimizations.
Well, do we need an AIO,
artificial intelligence
optimization because now AI
can read web content being can
read the Bing version of GPT,
can browse the website.
Now there is a plugin for
chat GPT that can also browse the website.
The plugin is still not available to
everyone, but it will in short time.
So do we need to prepare or
do something to serve better our AI?
Well, we'll see.
The quick answer is no, we don't
need to do anything in particular.
However, there are still some
people working with that and
say playing with that to
see what they can achieve.
So let's talk a little
bit about some ideas or
ideas that you can start thinking about.
So what things we can
do as web developers.
You can use GPT for user input detection,
such as hate speech,
content that you don't
want in your system.
So you can Pass user input to ChatGPT and
ask for something in return.
That something can be categorized this
content in these possible options.
And then you can automatically reject
that or not within your system.
Content creation you can
create content on the fly.
Sentiment analysis for example,
you have a review system and you can send
that the user is sending you a review
of any of your services or products.
You can send a text to ChatGPT and
ask ChatGPT to give you just one answer.
Is this positive or negative?
And based on that,
you can change the message that you
reply to that user automatically.
And if it's negative, for example,
you can send an email to someone.
So that someone can reach the customer for
blah, blah, blah.
Make sense?
So that's one idea.
You can customize or make articles or
content really personal for
example, maybe a newspaper.
You have a newspaper, of course,
a journalist, or maybe ChatGPT,
someone wrote an article, it's published,
but maybe I don't understand it.
So I can ask the website with
maybe a drop-down option for
a simpler version, or a summary,
or a version as if I'm
10 years old, or
a different language or whatever.
And you can then customize that text and
offer a service to your readers.
So, and then can improve the time on your
page, and then you have more ads, and
more views, and maybe more money.
Language translation is
actually pretty good.
It's better than Google Translate,
translating to languages,
even to languages that
are not even common.
I don't know, Guarani,
that's from Paraguay,
that on Google Translate is not
available or not good enough.
Search, you can use it for
a search box and
you can use ChatPT to find
the content within your database or
within your articles for that, and
we will explain how that's done later.
To summarize content,
GPT is pretty good on that,
q&aIt can create the Q&A for you.
Test automation, now talking about code,
it can actually write your tests directly.
Chatbots, that's like the first
step when we are dealing with GPT.
Let's create a chatbot.
So then it can offer like
customer service to your users.
You should use ethics here and
say to the user, hey,
this is AI have in mind that and
there's more email generation,
content filtering, content tagging,
this is pretty cool.
So you have an article, you can tag
the article so then it's better to connect
articles between them instead
of doing this manually.
You can automate social media.
So you can post on Twitter on
Instagram automatically when
something happens on your page and
make that content doesn't like
look automatic like it's always
the same text is not a template.
ChatGPT can generate
different versions of that.
Keyword Research for SEO,
a spelling and grammar error.
So text correction, that's pretty cool and
that content enhancement,
maybe you have a lot of
articles without the machine.
Now you can create images around that.
Content Creation, email filtering or
even automatic transcriptions on videos.
There are more ideas.
This is just a list of ideas of what
you can do as a web developer with AI.
And by the way,
this is not ideas of integrating your app,
like make an AI app for something.
You can make an app that uses
AI as part of the business.
So in this case, we were just talking
about ideas for any website, but
you can create an app that can translate
JavaScript into something else or
any language into JavaScript.
So in that case,
you use AI as the core of your business.
We can use other specific artificial
intelligence models in our apps
on website.
But what makes LLM easier is
that they are multipurpose.
So then we don't need
to train a new model.
We don't need to create a new API.
We don't need to do anything we just set
up in our app, server side, client side.
We will see later what's better but
we can just have one codebase to
talk to LLMs for all the purposes.
We don't need to set up
different models for that.
That's the great advantage of LLMs.